---
layout: post
number: 111
edits: 8
categories: poems eng
---

Sound primary*
 
, The sound is the main one,
Shēngyīn shì zhǎyào de,
Shengyin ShiYi ZhuuuyaAao da,
 
The writing is secondary.
Write a second time.
It's a good idea.
Air shii xieeeezhuoo.
 
You can forget about the hieroglyphs
You can forget the pictographic text, 
Nǎkěyǔ wàngjì xiàngxíng wénzì,
Nii KeeeiIii Waangjiii Xiaaaangxiing WeenDziii,
 
The main thing to hear:
The main thing is to hear:
Zhǎyào shi tīngdào:
ZhuouyaAo shi Tingdaao:
___________
*Here and on (only three) are experimental poems. This is a kind of acquaintance with the author's study of the nature of the Word. So rhyme and essence are recognized when reading only the first lines of each stanza; the other lines are for comparing the systems of hieroglyphs and voicing in Latin-based international writing and Ukrainian writing (the author believes that it is perfect, but even more perfect, perhaps it would become “Ukrainized” Latin-Latin **25**).

**Latin-25 looks like this: 
Tut i dali (vjoqo try) — experymentaljni virci. This is precisely the definition of the original origin of the word. Tox ryma and sutj are distributed on the basis of the translation of percygeal lines of the same sentence; the first words — in the introduction of the system of the author and the expression of mixnational children on the basis of Latin and Ukrainian children (avtor vvaxaje, ctco vonko doskonale, but ctce doskonalicoju, moxlyvo, became b “ukrainian” Latynytsja-25).

@ 
In Arabic or Japanese,
ARABIC
or in Japanese,
Bialearabia ti huòzhě rìyū,
BialeArabiA ti huoozaaa riiiuuu,
 
In Georgian or Macedonian
Sindhi or Macedonian
Cartulad Huòzhě na Makedonski
Cartulad HuoOzaaa na Makedonski
 
You will hear,
You will hear,
Nì huì tīngdào,
NiI HuiI TingDaao,
 
And how do you write?
How do you take notes?
What is it that you want?
NiI RuUHee Tsuooo BiiJii? 

@ 
For every basic sound
For each basic sound
Duìyú should be gè jīběn shēngyīn
duiiyuu meeeeee geee jibeeen sheng yin
 
Use the letter system
Using the Alphabet System
Shingyong zìtŏng
ShiiiYeong TsiiMuuu XiiToooong
 
Classic and famous
Classic Celebrity
Jīngdiǎn wénmīng
JingDiaaan VeenMing
 
Or invented new ones.
Or invent a new one.
Huò fāmíng xīn de.
HuoO FamiMing xin da.
